I wanna talk briefly about source code.
Now before we get into what source code is
I want to say that it's incredibly important
for you to be typing in the code
as you see me type it in this course
because you can watch videos
and you'll learn a certain amount of programming
but to really master programming
and really understand it,
typing in the code, running the programmes,
finding errors and fixing them,
that's your success,
your path to becoming a programmer.
So it's highly recommended that you do that.
So what you can do,
what a lot of our students do
is they'll watch a video once
to get the general feel for what's in the video
then they'll go back and watch it again,
then the second time they're watching it
they'll be typing along.
So as they see me type something on the screen
they'll actually type the same thing into their computer
IntelliJ idea or whichever one you're using
whichever editor you're using
and that's really the process
where you'll really get the most out of the course.
So either do that watch the video first
and then follow along the second time through
by typing in the code
or if you're feeling comfort enough
just as you're watching the video for the first time
be typing along and be prepared
to pause the video if needed and rewind and do whatever
really make sure you understand a concept completely
before moving on to the next video.
And this briefly now before we finish
I wanted to put also point out
that in terms of the codes that I'm typing
it's available for you to download.
Each lecture has got this resources section you can see here
so you can click over to that in the Udemy
and you can download the source code.
So you can grab that, you can unzip it
and then you can open that code up after you've unzipped it
directly in your editor
and you'll be able to actually follow along
and compare your code to my code.
It could be a good idea to do that
or if you wanna just put my code into your project
and sort of paste it in and use it that way.
So it's available there lecture by lecture
but also down the bottom of the course
you can see that I've got a lecture here
and that's got all the source code
you can just sort of scroll down,
click on the relevant to volve,
which will then be downloaded to your computer
and you can do the same thing you can unzip it.
So again I just wanna make it clear
that's really important for you
to really get the most out of this course
to be typing the code as you see it
and that's gonna really help you
become a productive Java programmer.
All right let's move on now to the next video
and start some programming.